docs: create triage guide (#8268)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/triage-guide.md

### Closing issues

You can close a issue yourself if it's:

- Spam
- Obviously fixed

For really old issues, it's probably a good idea to ask the maintainers to decide if they want to keep or close the issue.

### Closing pull requests

It's not very often that you'll need to close a PR, but you can certainly do it in case of spam or malicious content in the PR diff.

### Reopen issues

Sometimes a bug is fixed with a PR that links to a issue.
When the PR is merged, the issue is automatically closed.
Sometimes the bug was not really fixed, and someone says: "Hey this is still broken for me."
In that case, re-open the issue only if it's definitely the same problem (users often associate different problems together incorrectly).
Otherwise, ask the user to open a new issue if it seems like it is different.

### Assign issues

You can assign a issue to yourself, so that others know you're going to work on the issue.
GitHub allows issues to be assigned to any project collaborator or to any non-collaborator who has created or commented on the issue, so you can also assign in either of those cases if it makes sense.

### Mark duplicate issues and pull requests

> If you see an issue that's an obvious duplicate, you can mark it as a duplicate and close it.

Author: Oh if you wanted to search later a label `duplicates` would be way easier than doing a plaintext search on the repository for the word duplicate.
So for that use-case using a label is better than using the GitHub "duplicate of" functionality".

How about this then?

```suggestion
If you see an issue that's an obvious duplicate, attach the `duplicate` label, and close the issue.
```

Reviewer: Maybe also mark as duplicate if possible 🙃

- Individually convert issues to discussions

**Note:** We don't use milestones or project boards.

## Guidelines for triage workflow

The following are guidelines as we cannot cover all situations.
Use common sense, and just do your best, and you'll do all right.
Don't be afraid to ask for help.

### Apply labels to issues

All issues should have labels attached to them.
Read the [issue-labeling guide](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/master/docs/development/issue-labeling.md) to get all the necessary info.

In general try to make a good-faith effort to label things correctly.

### Closing issues

You can close a issue yourself if it's:

- Spam
- Obviously fixed

For really old issues, it's probably a good idea to ask the maintainers to decide if they want to keep or close the issue.

### Closing pull requests

It's not very often that you'll need to close a PR, but you can certainly do it in case of spam or malicious content in the PR diff.

### Reopen issues

Sometimes a bug is fixed with a PR that links to a issue.
When the PR is merged, the issue is automatically closed.
Sometimes the bug was not really fixed, and someone says: "Hey this is still broken for me."

> In that case, re-open the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In that case, re-open the issue only if it's definitely the same problem (users often associate different problems together incorrectly).
Otherwise, ask the user to open a new issue if it seems like it is different.
```

### Assign issues

You can assign a issue to yourself, so that others know you're going to work on the issue.

> You can also assign another user, if they have said they want to volunteer to fix the bug or implement a feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitHub allows issues to be assigned to any project collaborator or to any non-collaborator who has created or commented on the issue, so you can also assign in either of those cases if it makes sense.
```

### Mark duplicate issues and pull requests

> If you see an issue that's an obvious duplicate, you can mark it as a duplicate and close it.

Reviewer 2: Should we have a `duplicate` label for this? I haven't seen GitHub's native functionality working.

Author: Let's see what the [GitHub docs, about duplicate issues and pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-duplicate-issues-and-pull-requests) has to say about this:

> For a "marked as duplicate" timeline event to appear, the user who creates the duplicate reference comment **must have write access to the repository** where they create the comment.

> To mark an issue or pull request as a duplicate, type "Duplicate of" followed by the issue or pull request number it duplicates in the body of a new comment. 

So I as a triagist cannot use this anyways, as I don't have rights to mark anything as a duplicate.
I saw that **viceice** was able to mark a issue as a duplicate (he has at least write level rights).
You should also be able to use "Duplicate of" functionality as well (as your an admin, and so can do as you want...).

A `duplicate` label does not really add anything, I think?
Might just as well ping somebody who does have write rights to mark it as a "proper duplicate of issue/pr"?

Maybe the text should be:

```suggestion
If you see an issue that's an obvious duplicate, ask for somebody with write rights to use the "Duplicate of" functionality.
For more on the "Duplicate of" functionality read the [GitHub docs, about duplicate issues and pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/about-duplicate-issues-and-pull-requests).
```

Reviewer 2: I was thinking it could be useful in future for counting bugs opened and closed, features added, etc. So then it's nice to be able to de-duplicate. I'm leaning towards using a label so that such queries would be simple too.

Same for PRs.

### Request PR reviews

You can request a review from one of the maintainers, in case this is needed to get the PR review process rolling.

### Lock and unlock discussions

Sometimes a discussion can go sour, like when people call each other names, or post spam, or veer off-topic.
In those cases you can lock the discussion to prevent further escalation.

> **Question:** What should the criteria be to unlock a locked discussion?
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I think the above is enough, it hopefully isn't often necessary anyway.

Sometimes a issue that's raised at the Renovate repository is not really a bug or a feature request.
This happens most often because a user files a bug for things that are really a misstake in the Renovate configuration.
Those "configuration help" issues are then moved to the discussions board for further help.

### Moving issues from `status:requirements` to `status:ready`

One of the most important non-code contributions people can do is help features and fixes go from `status:requirements` to `status:ready`.
We use the label `status:requirements` to mean "more information or research is needed before someone could start coding this".

It can sometimes be an oversight of the maintainers, but more often it's because there are requirements or edge cases to consider and the user hasn't got an opinion or time to think about them and contribute enough.
Sometimes it can be because there's a need for some research and "design" decisions to be made, which may require maintainers to do, but it's not high enough priority to justify the time yet.

In a way `status:requirements` means "someone's going to need to put more thought into this before it can move forward to development".

> It can also mean "don't start this now because you might do something which can't be accepted into the code base".

Reviewer 2: This is exactly right
